Documentation updates and corrections (#1604)
WEC-Sim/WEC-Sim: docs/user/advanced_features.rst

^^^^^^^^^^^

For some simulations, it might be important to model bodies that do not have 
hydrodynamic forces acting on them. 
These could be bodies that are above the water line but connected to wetted bodies through various joints, 
bodies submerged deeply enough that the hydrodynamics may be neglected, 
or slender bodies better suited to other modeling approaches (e.g. strip theory / Morison elements),

> WEC-Sim allows for bodies which have no hydrodynamic forces 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. To model such cases, WEC-Sim allows for non-hydrodynamic and drag bodies which do not require BEM data.
```

acting on them and for which no BEM data is provided. 

To do this, use the Rigid Body block from the WECSim_Lib_Body_Elements Library. Initialize it in the 
WEC-Sim input file with an empty string for the name of the ``h5`` file and define the ``body(i).nonHydro`` flag::

    body(i) = bodyClass('');
    body(i).nonHydro = 1; % recommended value. See note below. 

Define other required body properties::

    body(i).geometryFile
    body(i).mass
    body(i).inertia
    
Drag bodies require the following properties to be defined since there is not BEM to utilize::

    body(i).name
    body(i).centerGravity
    body(i).volume
    body(i).centerBuoyancy % value ignored for non-wetted bodies with zero displaced volume

> Drag bodies initialized with only the required parameters have no additional fluid forces acting on them are non-hydrodynamic. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Drag bodies initialized with only the required parameters have no additional fluid forces acting on them and are non-hydrodynamic. 
```
